Feature/1 initial version (#2)
AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute?

## **Identifying and Reporting Bugs**
* **Ensure the bug has not already been reported** by searching our **[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes/issues)**.
* If you cannot find an open issue describing the problem, use the **Bug report** template to open a new one. Tag it with the **bug** label.

## **Proposing New Features**

> * **Check if the feature has already been requested** by searching through our **[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/enceladus/issues)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Check if the feature has already been requested** by searching through our **[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/AbsaOSS/generate-release-notes/issues)**.
```

Author: Thanks. Missed this one.
